Add initial doc changes related to tracing provider and support for z… (#2884)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/telemetry/distributed-tracing/_index.md

---
title: Distributed Tracing

> description: This task shows you how Istio-enabled applications can be configured to collect trace spans.

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice:
```suggestion
description: This task shows you how to configure Istio-enabled applications to collect trace spans.
```

Author: Have updated per @rcaballeromx suggestion, as it is still a task (i.e. configuring tracing). But if you have a suggestion for more appropriate wording I can update.

---
title: Distributed Tracing
description: This task shows you how Istio-enabled applications can be configured to collect trace spans.
weight: 10
keywords: [telemetry,tracing]
aliases:
    - /docs/tasks/zipkin-tracing.html
---

> After completing this task, you should understand all of the assumptions about your application and how to have it participate in tracing, regardless of what language/framework/platform you use to build your application. The [Bookinfo](/docs/examples/bookinfo/) sample is used as the example application for this task.

Reviewer: To make this file the Distributed Tracing landing page, which seems to be the intent, it can have no content other than the YAML header. You need to create a new file to introduce the task and link to the two available options. I recommend, for consistency sake, you name that file overview.md

Author: Where should the overview.md be linked?
